
Dear PGSEM student:

The electives submission site for Q1 2006-07 is ready.
Please submit your Phase 1 choices via

http://sankara.net/cgi-bin/electives.cgi

Submission deadline is 24:00 IST, Tuesday, 2 May, 2006.

Submissions after the deadline will only be considered 
subject to the PGSEM Chairperson's approval.

As per PGSEM rules, you will be allowed to participate in Phase 2 
only if you submit your Phase 1 preferences.

Instructions for Phase 1 submissions are given below
(these are also available at the web site):

The process of applying for the electives can be accomplished in three easy steps. 
These are as follows:

   1. Get a passcode: Use the form available at the website, 
      enter your roll number and press the "Get Passcode" button. 
      A passcode will be e-mailed to you at your IIMB email id. 
      This is necessary so as to ensure that no one else can enter elective choices 
      on your behalf. A passcode once obtained can be used any number of times 
      spanning Phase 1, 2, and 3 for Quarter 1 electives submission. 
      Note: Students who have submitted choices earlier for Q4 using this site, 
      need to obtain a new passcode.

   2. Login: You can now login by entering both your roll number and this passcode 
      and pressing the "Login" button. You will be sent to the elective choice page.

   3. Choose: In the elective choice page, give your choices as per the priority 
      (first course is highest priority) and submit the choices you want to take. 
      This will acknowledge the choices you selected by listing them and 
      will also send you a mail about the courses you chose.
      Note: Please submit as many preferences as you wish (not just 3) 
      since we want to estimate the Phase 2 demand realistically and 
      come up with an optimal schedule.

If you have a specific question (e.g., you cannnot submit your preferences, etc.), 
please mail us at pgsemelectives@sankara.net.

If you have a general question please post to the moodle forum.

Regrards
Abhay / Sankar
